---
layout: post
title: "The ethical problem behind using the songs you want in osu! and other games"
date: 2018-10-23 12:46:20 +0100
author: Tina
tags: rhythm-games osu legal morals simulators
hidden: true

---

"Community-driven" rhythm games are games without a lot of licensed content or
none at all. Most often they are games which originated from the desire to bring
easier access to already existing arcade or console games. This lack of original
or licensed content is explained by the fact that persons with such interest are
usually lambda persons with developer skills who wants to make other people able
to try out these games. They usually don't have the financial means to buy
licensed songs or the musical skills to create their own content.

Usually they have the "community-driven" part thought as a core feature for
their project. Most of the time it's encouraged with a chart editor and a
submission site/forum.

Now the problem arise when the people responsible for the submitting process
allow content to which the legal owner didn't give its permission to use in the
game.

There are multiple arguments I know of, from the ones who defend the concept
that any kind of content should be acceptable and from those who thinks it's a
crime. And I want to give special attention to the moral / ethic part of this
debate. Because, really there isn't anything to discuss legally wise. I mean, to
the law, it **IS** a crime. There isn't any country where it's legal.

# The desire to allow people to have fun on any song

It is a respectable motive. This one is from peppy, creator of osu!. If you are
making a game which core gameplay and concept resolves around music, you
probably love music, and want to make a game for people who love music too.

Discussion on Twitter where peppy says he wanted to play any song with osu!:

![Screenshot of the discussion](i/twitter-ppy-any-song.png)

[Source](https://twitter.com/ppy/status/876818545677524993)

To me, however, this is not something you should promote. Even if you make your
game in a way you are able to play on any song, this is not something that
should be supported by just browsing the official website. Downloading any song
you like and taking time and effort to make it playable in the game is something
I can understand. However content created that way should not be shared through
the official site nor supported by the submission team. Content created that way
should be shared through third-party sites or private discussions, because if
this content is allowed on the official site, it makes the game itself guilty.
I think that having players who do "illegal" stuffs is not a problem as long as
the game itself doesn't give its support for these actions.

Applied to osu!, beatmaps that are made of copyrighted content should be
uploaded to other sites. Maybe one or two will gain enough popularity to be used
and known by everyone. I don't care if those maps would still allow being ranked
or not through the official osu! rankings, as long as you can't download the map
directly from the official osu! website, it's fine. Doing online rankings on
songs you don't have rights on is not something new. [Audiosurf][audiosurf] and
[Beat Gather U][beat-gather-u] (a KONAMI game, how ironic) does it. And as far
as I know it's not really problematic to the law.
