---
layout: post
title: "What's the deal with lolicon and such?"
author: tina
category: weeb

---
I haven't posted anything there in a while and I'm coming back with a really
strong one, I know.

Being surrounded by a lot of people who are crazy about Japanese culture, and
taking part of this madness myself, I've seen this topic arise quite a while.
And honestly there are interesting things to say about it.

![bang][bang]

First of all, I'm not going to discuss people who are sexually attracted to
children, call them pedophiles or lolicons, I wouldn't care less, those deserve
jail or immediate psychological treatment and help of some sort. I want to talk
about *fap materials*.

Immeasurable amounts of work produced in the sole purpose of stimulating one's
sexual desire are produced every day. Movies, drawings, toys, books and games
mainly. The human mind has proved to be excited for stuff that breaks every
morals we know of. People have sex outside, people publish videos claiming that
they have "sex with their step-sister", we have a lot of porn movies faking rape
or worse. And of course, we had to have stories, anime, mangas and drawings
centered around child porn.

Child sex is, and hopefully will always be, considered a crime. For the simplest
of reasons. As we grow our understanding of the world increases. Some people see
having sex as the purest form of showing love, others see it as a simple play.
But no matter how we want to see it for ourselves, sex involves responsibility
about our own body and our partner(s)'s. Sex exposes you physically and most of
the time psychologically to another person completely and can impact someone's
life drastically. There's just so much that you can't expect a child to
understand yet. Also when talking about younger children, there's a lot of stuff
in a human body that is not yet ready to engage in sexual intercourses.

![lolice][lolice]

So considering all that, why can some people still see excitement in children
having sex?  
Transgressing morals is exciting.

I don't know much about how the human body chemically reacts when your actions
are out of what you consider "morally correct", but there's most certainly
something going on. As a kid you probably sometimes didn't listen to your
parents. Maybe you went at some place your parents forbiden you to go, maybe
you skipped school without telling anyone. There are surely plenty of things
that you were considering "wrong" that you did anyway. And they probably gave
you some sort of excitement, akin to an adrenaline rush.

I think it's something that applies really similarly to sexual arousement.
Probably because when we are doing "wrong" things we have some sort of
"excitement boost" going on. And that's why I think fake incest videos are
popular on Pornhub and we have rape porn movies. And I think that's why we have
stories and drawings sexualizing children. People like it when it's not morally
correct.

![YouPorn's front page][yp-front-page]

# Is it dangerous?

Maybe? To be honest exposing anyone to indecent scenarios can have negative
impacts in my opinion. Some persons might be very mentally unstable and seeing
too much of something might convinces them that it's ok. It's not only about
child porn but about literally anything. I think it's really important to take
the time to understand yourself and how this stuff impacts you.

Does watching rape porn movies made you want to actually go out and rape people?
Does reading lolicon books made you want to actually molest and have sex with
minors? If yes and if you noticed then it's probably time to take a breath and
rethink about what are your morals and what do you consider acceptable. If not I
guess you are fine? Really I think it would vary a lot from a person to another.

Seeing how many artists create lolicon artworks, I've been somehow forced to
accept that there are people who can enjoy this stuff without becoming actual
criminals. The same way that there will always be rape, bestiality, gore, and a
lot of other scenarios which are objectively wrong to any human mind but still
used for sexual excitement. They can most likely be dangerous if exposed to some
mentally weak or deviant persons, but are also probably fine to a lot of others.

I think it's one's own responsibility to know when something is dangerous to
yourself. If you think you might kill someone if you wears a weapon in public,
then don't. If seeing drawings of little girls raped wakes up a dormant twisted
desire to commit a crime in your local elementary school, then don't (and
please block me on Twitter, you are disgusting).

# Conclusion

I've been emphasizing in the whole article that this does not only apply to
lolicon but also to other morally questionable kinks, like rape, bestiality,
incest, and others. Because I really think they have to be understood the same
way. There are so many insane scenes written, drawn and recorded on camera.
Girls having sex with aliens, girls with a big penis, families having sex
together, boys being sequestrated and raped. And I'm only quoting the less
disturbing ones. People are enjoying those without ever wanting it to happen to
them in real life. It's just stimulating their curiousity and desire of
something that they could never experience or see. Most people draws the line
between a phantasm and reality. Otherwise we'd probably all be criminals.

[bang]: {{ "i/wataten-bang-chibi.png" | relative_url }}
[lolice]: {{ "i/lolice.png" | relative_url }}
[yp-front-page]: {{ "i/yp-front-page.png" | relative_url }}
